README.md, before:

# CoffeeShop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.


# Notizen

## Hinsichtlich dem Architekturdiagram:

Hier wäre es super, wenn du die einzelnen Komponenten des Coffee Shops, die eingesetzten Technologien und 
deren Zusammenspiel dokumentieren würdest ähnlich einem Sequenzdiagram.

## Für die Backend-Daten:

Es wäre super, wenn du einen Objektspeicher hast, von dem aus die Client-Seite CRUD-Operationen durchführen kann.

## Zugriff:

Wir verwenden bei uns den Duende Identity Server als Framework für ein Rollen- und Rechtemanagementsystem 
sowie zur Absicherung unserer Applikationen. Für die Testaufgabe musst du das nicht implementieren. 
Wenn du die Zeit hast, wäre es super wenn du konzeptionell beschreiben würdest, wie das Rechtemanagement 
in dem Beispiel mit Kunde und Barista funktionieren würde.

Commit message:

added presentation files
Files for the presentation of the exercise

README.md, after:

# Coffee Shop

## Details:

A responsive webpage made with Angular. This is a sample webpage for a coffee shop. Customers can browse the menu and order directly from the website. A barista can the process the order. There are three main components to this app. The data in this app simulates a mock server, which intercepts http requests. The mock data can be replaced with data from a real server.

## Menu:

Shows every menu item that is retrieved from the data. Every item can be selected and added to the order. 

## Orders:

Shows every order that is retrieved from the data. The status of the order can be adjusted and orders change color based on status.

## Confirmation Message Box:

Shows all currently selected menu items and their total price in a side drawer. All selected items can be deleted. The order can be completed from this menu.

# Information

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
